RHIDP-6845: Move dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog from Deprecated to Breaking changes section (#1053)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-breaking-changes.adoc

This section lists breaking changes in {product} {product-version}.

[id="breaking-change-rhidp-5958"]
== Change in sign-in resolver configuration location

Previously, configuring the sign-in resolver to bypass user provisioning in the {product-short} software catalog required setting `dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog: true` at the root of the `{my-app-config-file}` file.

> In this release, the previous root level configuration has been moved to the resolver level. For more details, see link:{authentication-book-url}[{authentication-book-title}].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, the previous root level configuration has been moved to the resolver configuration section, where it now applies specifically to that resolver. For more details, see link:{authentication-book-url}[{authentication-book-title}].
```

Reviewer: I think this already looks good, so you can either apply or ignore the suggestion.
